             *************************************************
             * BroodwarBotQ, a good zergling is better BBQ'd *
             *************************************************

===== Foreword / Bullshit =====

This bot is using BWAPI 3.0.3, and BWTA. It is heavily based on BWSAL, 
so thanks and kudos to lowerlogic and other contributors. I hope to be
able to contribute (for instance MapManager) too.

There are still A LOT of improvements to do. // TODO or // HACK or // TOCHANGE
are everywhere. A lot of improvements are in my head and some others in texts/
sources files, but I think that if I don't release early, release poorly, 
I'll simply never release. (It even still get stomped by 6pool and fast DT!)
Some part of the code are really messy, there were produced under heavy sleep
deprivation and a mindset of no tomorrow, you've been warned: go hide yourself
behind a good text editor and an open mind. I have some problems with BWSAL
and used duct tape to counter them (ProductionManager / Arbitrator, and lately,
performances issues with the BuildManager / ConstructionManager). Also, there's
a lot of code duplication in the units (micro) code.
I hope that the same of the bot told you it plays Protoss (only for the moment).

There are different contributions of:
Guillaume Bousket, 
Louis Schimchowitsch,
Nicolas Biagianti

===== Install / Serious Stuff =====

1. You need BWAPI 3.0.3, go on the BWAPI website to install it

2. Open BattleBroodAI.sln and compile the project as RELEASE.
   To do this:
   2.1. Change the dropdown box in the top center of the window from "Debug" to
        "Release".
   2.2. Click Build -> Build Solution. The MacroProject and MicroProject 
        are now compiled into 2 dlls. Macro is for full games.

3. Open <starcraft folder>/bwapi-data/bwapi.ini and set the ai_dll as follows:
     ai_dll = <BlaBlaPath>/Release/M{a|i}croProject.dl

4. Run Chaoslauncher with BWAPI Injector checked.

5. Start Starcraft: Broodwar and create a match, picking Protoss if you
    use MacroProject.dll. Running BBQ as any other race or on any other map
   will produce unexpected results and may crash.

A more detailled install guide is there:
http://emotion.inrialpes.fr/people/synnaeve/bwiki/html/install

===== Additional Info / Did You Read That ? =====

The BWAPI web site    		http://code.google.com/p/bwapi/
The BWSAL web site    		http://code.google.com/p/bwsal/
The BWTA  web site    		http://code.google.com/p/bwta/
IRC Channel           		QuakeNet #BWAPI
